Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Have you come to play with us?
There are many games we can play.
My name is Henry.
And my sister there is
Catherine.
Would you like to dance with us?
♪ A tisket, a tasket,
A green and yellow basket
I wrote a letter to my love
and on the way I dropped it
I dropped it, I dropped it
And on the way I dropped it I
dropped it, I dropped it...
Ring around the rosies
Pockets full of posies
Ashes, ashes
We all fall down. ♪
You must be Henry.
You're Grace?
Yes.
I'm sorry you didn't call me
from the airport
so I could pick you up in the
car.
Oh. Oh. Please.
So... when is the wedding?
Tomorrow.
Unless... you'd like to wait.
No, no. Tomorrow's fine.
You sure?
You're not sorry, are you?
If-if you want to change your
mind then I can just... go.
No. No, I don't want to change
my mind at all.
You're disappointed, aren't you?
I'm not what you thought I'd
be, am I?
Why would you say something
like that?
I'm not disappointed.
I'm very happy. Really.
I hope that you're pleased
with everything.
I want you to be happy.
I mean, with your room and all.
And I really should have told
you about Catherine.
You did not know I had a sister.
Oh, no. It's all right.
I mean, I'm very pleased
that you're going to be living
with us, Catherine.
Well, if you two would like me
to move...
No, of course not.
This is your home.
But maybe Henry and I could
find another place?
This is half my house, Grace.
We-we could find something
smaller.
Even a one-bedroom apartment
would be fine.
This place is so large and...
Old. Very old.
Our parent's honeymooned here.
It's lovely. But
Grace.
This is going to be our home.
Now and forever.
I don't want to leave.
I need you to understand that
before the wedding.
Maybe you could give us a
moment?
I've never seen such a
beautiful album.
I don't think there's anything
of much importance
from my childhood that wasn't
photographed
and mounted in one of those
albums.
Why do you suppose we do that?
Do you think we were trying to
hold back time
by capturing the moment with
pictures?
Well, I think that
Or maybe it was our way of
becoming immortal.
I think you'd like to see your
room..
I hope that someday you can
forget how we became engaged.
I mean, how we met and all.
What are you trying to say?
Well, I have a feeling that
you don't respect me
because I had to find a husband
through those computer people.
No. I mean, what about me?
I went on that website too,
didn't I? To meet you?
I was wondering where the
ceremony is going to...
I mean, are we going to be
married here?
At the house?
No. At the Justice of the
Peace.
I'd like to... have a more
formal wedding,
but we don't have many friends.
To invite, that is.
In fact, we don't have many
friends at all.
Oh. Well that's all right.
I understand.
The Justice of the Peace is
fine.
You know something?
We haven't I mean, you
haven't...
Haven't what?
Nothing.
It must have been something.
You'll think I'm silly.
Tell me.
It's just that...
you haven't... kissed me yet.
You really better unpack this.
Oh..
You look sick.
What's wrong? What's the
matter?
You're shy.
Is that it?
You don't have to be bashful.
We're practically married.
Would you like me to put that
on?
Is that it?
That is what it is, isn't it?
You'd love to see me in this
filmy, seductive gown.
Of course you would. Well,
come on.
You can help me undress.
What's wrong? What is it?
What's-what's the matter?
Do you, Henry, in the presence
of these witnesses,
take Grace to be your lawful
wedded wife?
To have and to hold from this
day forward for better,
for worse, for richer,
for poorer, in sickness and in
health?
To love and to cherish 'til
death do us part?
I take you, Grace, to be my
lawful wedded wife.
To have and to hold from this
day forward for better,
for worse, for richer,
for poorer, in sickness and in
health.
To love and to cherish 'til
death do us part.
I now pronounce you both man
and wife.
You may kiss the bride now,
Henry.
More of the same, Henry.
Right?
You're a real bitch, you know
that?
Come on.
I just hate to see them all end
up in your little photo album.
But you enjoy helping me,
don't you?
You're great with Ring around
the Rosie.
Why don't you go back in her
room and fuck yourself?
That's all you're ever going
to be good at.
Fuck you.
♪ Once there was a Scotsman
His name was Johnny Rebek
He was a dealer in sausages
And sauerkraut and speck
He made the finest sausages
that ever you would see
And one day he invented a
wonderful sausage machine
Oh, Mister Johnny Rebek how
could you be so mean... ♪
You didn't tell me there were
children!
Henry? Open the door!
Please, open the door!
Henry?
You're terrifying me!
It's playtime! Oh, goody!
♪ Silly old Gordon fell in the
ditch
Fell in the ditch, fell in the
Silly old Gordon fell in the
ditch
All on a Monday morning!
The merry-go-round goes 'round
and 'round
The children laughed and
laughed and laughed
So many children going 'round
and 'round
The merry-go-round collapsed ♪
Little Catherine and Little
Henry
♪ The itshy-bitsy spider went
up the water spout
Down came the rain and washed
the spider out
Out came the sun and dried up
all the rain
And the itshy-bitsy spider went
up the spout again. ♪
Catherine?
Yeah?
Sometimes it depresses me...
looking forward to getting
married and having to...
You know how I feel about what
you're trying to do.
It's the only way I can
resolve my problem.
Now I'm sure that it will help
me remember what it is
that happened in my past that
screwed up my ability to...
Have sex?
Hasn't exactly been successful,
has it?
Could it be that you're a
little jealous?
I am thinking of your own good.
Hm. You do take very good care
of me.
It's so nice to be appreciated.
I'll do better with the next
girl.
Yeah.
I'm sure you will.
♪ Oh, Mr. Johnny Rebek how
could you be so mean?
I'm telling you you'll be sorry
for inventing that machine. ♪
Sometimes I think it has to do
with them.
♪ All the neighbor's cats and
dogs will nevermore be seen... ♪
The children... ♪ For they'll
be ground
to sausages in Johnny Rebek's
machine. ♪
But you could help me with that.
You could help me remember.
You could help me remember
what it is that fucked me up.
I was a real estate agent
before the bottom dropped out
of the housing market.
How about you?
Hey, I just thought of
something...
Bye.
Hm.
Catherine?
I have a really good vibe
about this new one.
After all this time,
I finally think I found the one that
will make it happen.
Genine, right?
Nice to meet you, Henry.
Harold's already waiting over
at the house.
I thought it'd be a nicer
atmosphere to discuss business
over a glass of wine.
Oh. My car?
Oh. Um... don't worry about it.
I'll bring you back after the
meeting. Please.
I've never been to Bedford
before.
You never answered that question
I asked you about what you do.
Psychology instructor.
That's great. Where?
Dark secret?
What? Where do you teach?
Your new job is a more
interesting topic.
Have you lived here long?
All my life.
It's kind of nice.
You know, the town, I mean.
You think it feels ancient, is
that what you mean?
Hm. That is what you mean.
Well,
after you live here for a while,
you'll start to like it here.
I haven't gotten the job yet.
People don't know what their
future holds, do they?
I think maybe I won't. I
mean... perhaps.
What are you trying to say?
Your town...
your town frightens me.
You'll grow to love it. I
promise you.
I don't see your friend's car.
I picked him up at the office
and brought him here.
After the meeting I'll drive
you both back.
Why don't you wait here while
I go get Harold?
My sister Catherine is probably
showing off her prized
geraniums.
Never misses a chance to do
it. I'll be back.
Oh, my God. Dead.
All dead. They're all dead.
My name's Helen.
My apartment's only a couple
blocks away.
Would you like to come over
for a drink?
My car's a half-block away.
I'll go get the coffee.
Actually... do you have
cookies and milk?
So do you live here alone?
With my roommate, Georgette.
She's really nice.
I mean, really.
Why are you still standing?
Oh.
We've been living together for
about a year now,
and we get along just great.
Actually, she's the only truly
beautiful person I know.
On the inside.
Know what I mean? Yeah.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
So, um, why did you go to that
movie tonight?
You like to watch movies where
guys race cars?
Actually, no, I don't like any
of that stuff.
But I had nothing to do,
so... who knows why I would
watch something I don't like.
Why do they race cars anyway?
The guys in the cars?
Well, I mean,
guys who race cars like that in the movies and real
life usually are hung up on trying to prove something,
you know what I mean?
Proving what?
Oh, I don't know. Their
masculinity I suppose.
Or... or maybe trying to cover
up for some insecurity
during their formative years.
Wow.
You know a lot about psychology.
Did you study it in school?
Psychology, I mean.
Well, I read every book I can
get my hands on. You know?
Because it's really interesting.
You start to understand why people behave
the way they do. Well, why do they?
Behave like they do?
Well, because they're programmed
that way from their past years.
You know? And then it just
becomes like a computer.
People start just behaving
that way
because of their programming.
So there's nothing we can do
about it?
Mm. Very difficult to change.
Especially when some if it
becomes a compulsion.
Well, I have a lot of really
silly compulsions
like not stepping on a crack
in a sidewalk.
No matter what, I just can't
do it.
Step in a crack.
You know what I mean?
Is there anything from your past
that's fucking you up nowadays?
Um...
Was there?
Would you like to kiss me?
What?
Kiss me. Would you like to?
Uh...
You're afraid of me, aren't you?
Of course not.
Then why won't you kiss me?
It's just that I like to work
up to it, okay?
Is there anything wrong with
that?
Foreplay for a kiss?
God, you really are something.
Oh, God...
I'm just not used to girls being so
aggressive, you know?
And it frightens you.
No, no, no, no.
How many times do I have to
remind you
that you're my sister,
Catherine?
Aren't the two children I've
given you enough?
Oh, Henry.
Why do you torture yourself
trying to have sex
with these girls?
And failing over and over?
When you know I'm the only
woman you can have sex with.
Oh, yeah...
It's getting late.
So why don't we call it a
night, okay?
No. No. No, please just give
me one more
I can't. The door's over there.
The one you came in.
Please go.
No...
You've got to go, Paul.
You have class.
I promise you can kick me out
in eight minutes.
Tomorrow night, okay?
I'll stay in, I'll make
dinner... bye.
I'm all yours tomorrow night!
Helen? Helen? Helen? Oh, God.
Shhh.
You're going to kill me,
aren't you? Like my roommate?
No. Why would I do that?
I like you.
What happened to your roommate
was an accident.
Please let me go. Please.
You like it? Huh?
It really is a nice place once
you get used to it.
You know, my sister Catherine
and I, we grew up here in our childhood.
Now, the place does need a few touches,
but we can get to that
afterwards.
What do you mean afterwards?
After the wedding.
Didn't I tell you?
We're going to be married.
Oh, my God.
You're insane!
Dear God... dear God, please.
Please. Help me.
Good morning, Georgette.
How do you feel this morning?
Hm.
You're not being fair with me.
You know that, right?
You're angry because of what
happened with your roommate.
Well... you'll come to see
that there was no other way.
And then you'll grow to like
me and we'll be married.
Please, let me go.
I won't tell anyone about you.
I won't. Tell anyone about me?
What could you tell about me?
I'm not doing anything wrong.
Anyone who understands will
see that.
I...
I am trying to work things out
in my head.
Do you understand what I'm
saying?
What do you mean w-work things
out?
With my problems.
With... girls?
He won't kill her, will he
Lieutenant?
If he wanted to kill her he
would have done it already.
Like he roommate.
Instead of taking her away.
I don't know, is that what you
think?
Hey, hey. Don't get any God
damned ideas
like I had anything to do with
it.
I love Georgette.
We're going to get married
when I graduate from med school.
How long have you known her?
Little more than a year.
How well did you know the dead
girl?
A little.
She was around a lot when I
came for Georgette.
Meet any of her friends?
Every once in a while she'd
have some guy over.
I don't think I ever saw any
of them more than once.
What type of man did she seem
to prefer?
Any guy with, uh, something
between his legs.
But your girl was different?
I told you we were going to
get married, didn't I?
Yeah. You told me that.
You know, if I hadn't come
back here again today, you guys
would only have each other to
ask these brilliant questions.
Is that what they teach you in
med school?
Hi. Uh, I'm Mr. Borden.
Um... this is the Henry Foster
house isn't it?
Well, I'd like to see my
daughter please.
Your daughter?
Yes. My daughter, Grace.
She got married here a little
while back.
I found this letter with all the
details in her things, and...
Oh, yeah.
She was supposed to marry my
brother.
He's still very upset about
it, so if you're here
to apologize for her you're
wasting your time.
He doesn't need your sympathy.
I-I-I don't understand.
She never showed up.
And just between you and me,
don't you think a computer
is a pretty sleazy way
to meet the person you're
going to spend your life with?
My Grace is a good girl.
Of course she was.
A nice person.
Now, how do you know that?
How do I know what?
How do you know she was a nice
person?
You said she'd never been here.
How do you know?
I'm just trying to be kind to
you.
You also said the word "was"
instead of "is."
So?
So, if something has happened
to my Gracie, I need to know.
You're becoming a pest.
Well... thank you for your
time, miss.
Uh, maybe the police will have
some information for me.
Wait.
I have a better idea.
Why don't you come on inside
and talk to my brother.
I don't know.
Something fishy going on
around here. Come inside.
I'm sure a nice talk with my
brother
will straighten everything out
for you.
Well, just the same.
I'm warning you
if your brother's answers
don't satisfy me,
I will still go to the police.
You-you'll tell him that,
won't you?
Of course.
I'll get my brother.
Like all people, the psychopath
is the product of happenings
in their early childhood years
that reside in their
unconscious mind,
influencing their actions in
their present life.
With the psychopath,
his or her past influences were
of an extremely negative nature,
resulting in an abnormally
excitable state
in their present life
that is constantly on the
verge of exploding into violence
when his or her ego is
threatened.
The psychopath feels no guilt
for their violence thinking
that it is justified.
Oh, sweet Jesus, Gracie!
Gracie!
Oh, Gracie!
♪ London Bridge is falling
down Falling down, falling down
London Bridge is falling down
My fair lady
Build it up with wood and clay
Wood and clay, wood and clay
My fair lady
Wood and clay will wash away,
Wash away, wash away
My fair lady. ♪
You...
go... to... hell!"
A terrorist car bomb exploded
today in Beautenville,
killing 27 people and wounding
close to 100 others.
In New York, a man shot to death
is wife, four children, his
mother-in-law,
and 28 neighbors before putting his shotgun
into his mouth and blowing his head off...
Hm. It's terrible, isn't it?
Yes, it's terrible.
When are they going to stop
all the killing?
Why can't people get along
with each other peacefully?
That's the news for now.
Tune in again for more news
Henry?
On the hour, every hour.
When are you going to realize
that you don't need
all the others to regain your
masculinity?
To have sex?
You can still do it with your
sister, can't you?
I've got Georgette now.
I doubt if our victim knew her
killer.
My guess is that she picked
him up at a bar
or a dance or someplace,
and brought him back to her
apartment.
Then when she wouldn't give him
what he wanted, he killed her.
Wouldn't he have raped her
before he killed her?
Well, he might have been
incapable.
Couldn't get it up.
That's the way it is with many
rapists.
They substitute violence for
the sex act.
Bingo. We've got a lead!
Oh, yeah. I noticed her when
she went in.
She was alone, you know?
Long hair... nice ass.
And like I told this other
policeman,
she was with a guy when she
left.
Have you seen the man before?
Another movie perhaps?
No. No, I don't think so.
I'm going to take you down to
the station
so you can talk to our artist.
If there's any information you
can give
them about a description, it would be a big help.
Yeah, sure. Uh, happy to help anyway I can.
How come you remember them so
well?
Hey, man.
It's not every day you see a
girl with an ass that great.
Not the way she moved when she
walked.
Trying to remember your past,
Henry?
Trying to remember what fucked
you up?
You're wasting your time, Henry.
You're wasting your time.
That squeaking noise you're
hearing from the backyard
is Henry's swing.
He's been out there all night.
You'd think he'd get tired of
it, wouldn't you?
He doesn't though.
I thought I'd go out there and
tell him to come inside...
he'd never leave that stupid
swing.
What does he think about all
the time?
You. He's wondering how long
he can control himself
before he'll kill you. But he
said...
It doesn't matter what he
said, he has to do it.
He'll try to make love to you.
And he'll fail.
And then he'll kill you.
It's the way it's been with
all of them.
You have to help me, Catherine.
How do you expect me to eat
tied up like a dog?
I'll free you,
but you have to promise to be
a good girl. Okay?
I have some money.
I-I can get more if you'll
just let me go.
Oh, money?
I don't need your money.
Mother left everything to me.
Every penny.
She knows how irresponsible
Henry can be.
You know, he's only a child.
Sick.
You're both sick.
Catherine, I didn't mean it.
And...
I didn't
mean it. Please.
Help me, Catherine.
Help me. Catherine? Catherine!
You have to help me. Catherine!
You have to help me.
You have to... Catherine,
don't go!
Father, I've come to confess
my misdeeds.
At times, I...
I talk mean at my sister and...
sometimes I treat young ladies
with disrespect.
I brought you some graham
crackers and milk.
Aren't you going to eat them?
I love graham crackers dunked
in milk, don't you?
You're a sick animal.
I really wish you wouldn't say
things like that.
You know, it wasn't over for
your roommate.
It really wasn't.
I took pictures of her.
You killed her. She's dead.
No. I took pictures of her.
She goes on living forever.
Please let me go home.
Why?
Because I need you to help me.
Please?
I just want to go home.
I just want to go home. Oh...
it's all right.
It's all right. I
just want to go home.
It's going to be all right.
You'll see.
♪ One day a little boy came
walking in the store
He bought a pound of sausages
and laid them on the floor
He started out to whistle, and
whistled up a tune
And all the little sausages
went dancing around the room. ♪
No. No! Please.
I just want to go home.
I want to go home.
Good morning, Georgette.
I have a surprise for you.
I'm going to take you outside
for some fresh air.
Do we have to have this
handcuff?
I can't have you run away.
You'll spoil everything.
I need you to help me.
And check the area for any
surveillance cameras
that might have picked up the
killer and Georgette.
Thanks.
Oh.
We have a lead.
It's a new sketch.
The usher at the movie theater
remembered him pretty well.
You ever see him?
No. Never.
That's too bad.
I was hoping.
Any other leads? Nah.
We picked up some fingerprints
at the apartment, but they're
no help.
They don't match anything we
already had on file.
Do you think she's still alive?
I don't know.
What are the chances?
What do you think they are?
I always love being out here.
The freedom that comes from
being this close to nature.
The reassurance and security
it provides...
Henry, please let me go.
Please?
Don't you understand that I
can't do that?
That you're different from all
the others?
It's like your roommate said...
You're beautiful on the inside
and you're not aggressive...
and I like that.
And I know that you can help
me with my problem.
I don't know what you're
talking about.
What problem?
My problem relating to
Women?
That is it, isn't it?
You need professional help.
You're the help I need.
You really are crazy.
How am I going to help you?
It doesn't even bother you,
does it?
What you've done?
Bother me?
What would bother me?
The people you've killed.
That was a game.
Don't you understand that that
was a game?
♪ Oh Mister Johnny Rebek How
could you be so mean?
I'm telling you you'll be
sorry For inventing that machine
Now all the neighbors cats and
dogs
Will nevermore be seen
They'll all be ground to
sausages
In Johnny Rebek's machine. ♪
I have a little problem, doctor.
It seems that something happened
many years ago that was...
so traumatic it left me with,
um...
Left you with what?
A fucked up sex problem.
I can't...
I can't do it.
What was it in your past that
caused it?
I don't remember.
Have you been trying to resolve
your problem with young women?
Yes.
And what happens?
What do you do with them
when you attempt to have sex
and fail?
Do it now, Henry.
And then we'll be able to live
like before.
No one to bother us.
But I'm so close to solving my
problem.
She's going to help me.
Tonight.
How is she going to do that?
By helping me have... sex.
Henry, you're a fool.
It will never work.
Ever.
Just get it over with.
And then you will feel better.
You'll feel so much better.
Please just give me a little
more time.
She's special.
She's not like all the others.
Do it, Henry.
Now? Now.
Oh. I recognized him the moment
I saw the police drawing on
the news this morning.
I always watch the news with
my breakfast.
Can you enlarge the picture on
the screen?
Oh.
What about the girl you
matched him with?
Oh.
I need a printout on
everything you have on him.
The addresses, everything.
Oh. Sir.
I feel guilty for everything
that's happening.
The computer had something to
do with it, didn't he?
Yes.
Well why be selfish?
Share some of the blame with
him.
Oh. Oh!
Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
The reason why you're signing
with our company
LoveLifeLine.net
is because you haven't had a man
in over a year is a good
decision.
What's your name?
Where do you think you're going?
Ow! Agh!
Not this way either, sweetie.
Have you come to play with us?
Do you know how to play Ring
around the Rosie?
My name is Little Catherine
and my brother is Little Henry.
Would you like to sing with us?
Oh, God.
Uh-oh! Henry?
I need you to come in the house.
I-I can't leave the kids alone
in the pool.
There's an emergency upstairs.
But they're having too good of
a time to leave.
Now!
I'll be right back.
Where? Where's the emergency?
I'm the emergency.
No, Catherine.
You have to let me get back to
the children.
You are not going anywhere.
Mm. Mm. No. No!
I know you don't give a damn
about the children, but I do.
And I'm going back to them.
Oh, my God, Henry!
You've killed the children!
It wasn't my fault.
It was Catherine.
♪ One day
the machine got busted
The darn thing wouldn't go
So Johnny Rebek, he hopped
inside to see what made it so
His wife she had a nightmare
Was walking in her sleep
And gave the crank and deuce
of a yank
And Johnny Rebek was meat
Oh, Mister Johnny Rebek
How could you be so mean? I
told you'd be sorry ♪
Oh, God. Little Catherine
and Little Henry; ♪ For
inventing that machine
Now all the neighbor's cats
and dogs will nevermore be seen
They've all been ground to
sausages
in Johnny Rebek's machine. ♪
I think this lady will be
staying with us
a long, long time.
Don't you think so, Little
Catherine?
I think so too, Little Henry.
She'll be staying with us just
like all the others. Dead.
I see you've met our children,
Henry and Catherine.
They're brother and sister
just like me and Henry.
And very much alive.
They're alive because we're
alive.
And we gave them our names so
that we could be them.
And they could be with us.
Alive.
Forever. Together.
Catherine, please, please.
Please don't kill me.
Please, please.
Why? So you can take Henry for
yourself?
I don't want Henry, he's
yours. Please just let me go.
But he wants you. The fool.
No, no
he doesn't.
Everything was going fine
until you came along.
But I will kill anyone who
comes between me and my Henry.
You've been a bad girl,
Catherine.
You've been a very bad girl.
It was an accident, Henry!
The children, they're dead.
Everybody's dead! It was an
accident!
You didn't care about the
children.
Please believe me it was an
accident!
I do believe you.
Just like this is an accident.
Goodbye, sweet Catherine.
I love you, Henry. Goodbye.
Paul!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org